Eight reasons.
The platform is already built — twenty-five modules, eight causal engines, source-linked outputs.
Twenty-three million in founder-funded R&D over fifteen years, no early dilution.
FDA regulatory tailwind explicitly favors causal architecture.
A forty-four billion dollar market at thirty percent CAGR with no dominant player.
Three catalysts in twelve months, each verifiable before the next gate closes.
Pre-validation by six academic medical centers and peer-reviewed publications.
A modular land-and-expand commercial arc.
And a clean asset-participation investment structure separate from company equity.
We're not building another AI that finds associations.
We're building the infrastructure that finally tells biology's actual story.